thousands of Palestinians with no place
to go this is the reality of Rafa Gaza
Souther Mo City Once home to
275,000 people now Sheltering nearly 1.5
million it'll be a huge problem if a
ground Invasion takes place in Rafa you
can see thousands of people more than a
million and a half people in Rafa where
can they go we can barely find space for
each other every tent hosts six four or
three families instead of one the least
you can find is two families inside a
tent what will happen when they get into
ra where can we go and that is the fear
for those who are here after Israeli
defense minister AF Galant met top
officials last week to work on
preparations for a ground
Invasion we are definitely terrified and
whoever says he's not afraid is lying we
can't go anywhere masasi can't take more
people neither can Rafa geographically
it can't take anymore we are really
worried for months families displaced
from the north have crammed into Rafa
living in tent camps School turned
shelters and homes of relatives while
some areas still look like this much of
Rafa like the rest of Gaza is
rle Israeli air strikes have repeatedly
targeted the area leveling homes and
killing tens of thousands of
Palestinians we are cared if an invasion
takes place in Rafa where can we go we
are more than 20 people I really dream
about going back to my home I wish I can
go back to my apartment even if it is
Rubble now I'll stay in a tent there but
at my place we are emotionally
devastated most people Sheltering here
can't go north nor can they Cru the
border into Egypt as there is nowh left
to flee that prompt at the International
Community including the US to warn that
any plan defensive by Israel would be a
catastrophe TK abum Al jazer Rafa
Southern Gaza